hey folks this is Terry here with the
proto school community call for May 7th
and we got some fun updates for you
today so I'm gonna start off with Joe
say on some of our content development
stuff yeah so on the last call we
mentioned are we going to do some some
updates to some tutorials regarding the
update to jsapi PFS not for one and we
just we made those updates live so now
all the content for the mutable file
system tutorial and the regular files
API tutorial we are now updated to the
last version so for you to get a way
into for you to know if that's at or if
some tutorial has been updated you'll
actually get a message for that so I'll
just share my screen and show you what
that looks like so in the case you have
a updated tutorial you'll get this kind
of message we are now using this for
these two so you'll get that for regular
files API and also for the mutable one
and if you're in the future we will
launch in tutorials we'll also get a new
message in the tutorial message so in
that list tutorials we'll be able to
quickly see the ones that should have a
lot of highlights on so finally this was
a big effort so a team effort as well
so Terry Allen and Alex helped as well
and after that it was just it was just a
lot of crunching a lot of help it seemed
to get this yeah so Terry you have
a file coin tutorials coming up yeah so
we have three that we're working on
outlines for the first one that is
likely to come out is on verified
storage on file coins so things like
proof of storage Griffith
sorry proof of replicate
group of space-time pieces like that to
kind of help people understand how we
actually know that people are storing
our stuff on file coin and then probably
next in the list would be car files cars
a format that IP LD uses for large files
which you sometimes need to use for file
coins to kind of condense things down
and and then we'd love to build a
tutorial on sort of how a point and ipfs
work together this is one where I think
people have a lot of questions so if you
have we're still kind of in the
outlining stages for all of these but if
you have questions on these topics for
kind of content suggestions explanations
you found that seemed really helpful to
you feel free to go and drop notes in
those issues that are linked in the
meeting notes and then I also spoke to
Brett at fleet and his team has offered
to build a protocol tutorial on web
hosting on ipfs so fleek is base we
called terminal dot IO and they do web
hosting it's similar to net low Phi but
with the content actually living on ipfs
underneath so obviously they offer a
hosted service but their content will be
kind of vendor neutral because we get a
lot of questions about how that all
works and that's another place where
adding your questions would be helpful
yeah so go back to you Jo's a for some
stuff around kind of user experience
yeah so as I said before we introduced
two new messages so you can actually see
the what couturiers have been updated
which which new ones you will need to
look out for we also for when you have
the listing of the soils we also
introduced the including tutorials
toggle a while back but now actually
when you toggle it it will be saved at
the options so if you refresh the page
you'll get that same toggle used so
whenever you come back you'll see the
same list and also you can actually copy
the link because we're saving that stay
so you can copy the link and send it to
someone else and so that person will
also see the same list so if you want to
share in this case we're targeting
people that just want to for the
majority of it they don't have coding
experience so they they just want to see
tutorials that are only text based or
multiple choice and now it's easy to
just send them a link with when you have
this to Olaf copy the link and share
that this with them so they'll be able
to see you only those tutorials if they
are interested so the next thing that we
want to share as well is so we have a
new page for just show off our new
newsletter at forum we created a
newsletter a while back as well and now
we have a forum on the website a
connection subscribe to dnews this will
also be you'll also be able to see this
by the end of a tutorial so when you go
to the last page you also be able to if
you haven't subscribed yet you'll see
that forum as well so so the users will
be able to look out for new tutorials
and other updates as well now we also
include the checkbox so that readers can
local event readers can and also and I
get subscribed about new updates for
them for eventually division yeah and
that one of the things that's great
about having this directly on our
website instead of just through
MailChimp is that this gives you a an
easy link to use if you're hosting a
local event to give your attendees a way
to get news about photo school so you
can offer them this link to go and sign
up if they're interested and we've
actually had quite a response since we
introduced the new page which is awesome
exactly it just as a reminder with the
the change in local chapter leadership
we're not communicating with local
leaders through github anymore so this
is your opportunity to be notified of
updates this is something that you need
to do to keep hearing from us about any
new resources we offer for about leaders
yes
so the next thing that's coming up soon
will be a feedback survey that will be
asking users when they finish in total
so let's say I'm finishing up an animal
esse ID and by the end you'll have a
survey feedback survey form so you can
fill in and say what were your
expectations about the tutorial what
were you excited that basically answer a
few questions so you will be able to
know how we can improve the content for
our users as well so this is important
so that we can help the communities as
well learn they have to better improve
the content and help us do a better
service for the community so we also
have some other small quick fixes
improvements of course that I'm not
worth mentioning but we've been doing a
lot of a lot of updates we also got a
contribution for a small cyborg on the
page it's just always very exciting um
so thank you and yeah so next we have
some of some community updates as well
yeah so those of you who saw the results
of our chapter leadership survey saw
that we've kind of changed our model to
be focused on events rather than
chapters so you'll see now that the
chapters page which for awhile had been
just hidden here is now actually just
redirecting to our events page where
you're gonna see upcoming events and if
you want to learn more about hosting
events near you the host tab is here
with the information that you need when
you go to add an event to our list you
fill out a form to do that but we've
updated this form to ask you whether
your event is going to be hosted in
person or virtually obviously that's an
option that we want to offer so people
can stay safe given
the medical conditions right now um so
let's see it doesn't display well here
but in the meeting notes you can see
that you would have like a virtual
location listed instead of the city and
then I also started a discussion thread
so this is the organizing repo if you're
leading local events and you haven't
been there this is your place to
communicate with other chapter leaders
through the issue queue but this is a
spot for you to talk about what's
working what's not with virtual events
obviously proto school events are still
meant to be that really participatory
experience where people are walking
through our content together at the same
time normally in person and figuring out
how you give that sort of like I'm here
to look over your shoulder if you need
me experience online is going to be a
challenge so I think this would be a
great opportunity for people to to share
what's working and share their ideas
there or even team up with people from a
couple of different local groups want a
team up to to host an event together
that would be awesome
so feel free to throw your ideas in
there um yeah I think that's it for our
for our updates today anything else you
think of today
you're nothing distant yeah that's it so
we will see you in early June and plenty
of plenty to work on before then as
always we're we love contributions like
jose said and we always love with me
get a PR from someone even if it's just
finding a typo we're very happy to have
the help so feel free to reach out if
you want to get involved and we will see
you later bye okay